Meeting Notes:

Team Meeting #1
 - Date : 07.10.2011 - Friday
 - Time : Between 22:00 - 23:00
 - Type : Online - Through Gtalk
 - Participants (7) : Ali - Aziz - Bilal - Cem - İbrahim - Pınar - Ünsal 
 Decisions : 
 * It is decided to use Friday and Monday for our weekly based meetings. 
 Friday : Between 22:00 - 23:00, Online through Gtalk
 Monday : Between 17:00 - 18:30, At ETA building entrance
 * At Friday, the information taken by the customer at Thursday will be taken into consideration and assignments will be done. 
 * Monday will be used to negotiate and have feedbacks.
 * Requirements have been updated at System Requirements section
 * Everyone will have a quick research on what environment whould be used for deployment of the project and it will be discussed on Monday meeting.
 * What type of games should be deployed for our project will be discussed on Monday meeting.

Team Meeting #2
 - Date : 10.10.2011 - Monday
 - Time : Between 17:00 - 18:30
 - Type : Standard table meeting
 - Participants (4): Ali - Cem - İbrahim - Ünsal
 Decisions :
 * The games will be deployed for our project is decided and it will be held as a scenario based presentation at Thursday.
 * Requirements have been reviewed.
 * Environment will be a web site that is used to give information to the related devices through browser.
 * A scheme for development process is in process, and notes related to it is updated on "development plan" part for later discussions.
 * For this week, our priority subject is to determine the environment.