= A scenario for game creation: =
	In this scenario a user creates a game for Bogazici University's South campus by sticking qr codes on buildings.
	The step by step scenario is as follows:
	* User opens the website and signs in by writing username and password.
	* User clicks on "create a new game" link
	* The game creation page is opened and firstly user is asked for a game name,a description,borders of the game and the start location 

of the game
	* User enters the following into "game name" texbox : "Conquer the south campus"
	* User enters the following text into "description" textbox:"This game is designed to give an orientation about south campus of 

Bosphorus University."
	* User enters the following into "borders" texbox:"All the qr codes of this game are located inside the south campus of Bosphorus 

University"
	* User enters the following into "start location" textbox:"The first qr code is located on engineering faculty's building"
	* After user entered all the four necessary fields above he cliks on "create game" button.The system checks whether none of the fields 

are empty and if any of them empty the user is asked to fill all of them.System also checks whether the "game name" field is unique and asks 

for another "game name" if it is not unique.
	* Then the "passwords and qr spots" page is opened to user.In this page user is firstly asked how many steps he planned for his game by 

a textbox.He writes the number "4" into the textbox and clicks "next".
	* 4x2=8 new textboxes are created under the page for each step and these textboxes stand for the fields where user will enter the 

password of each step and the location of each step's qr code.The user enters the following fields:
		Location of qr code for step 1 ="Engineering faculty building"     Password of step 1 = "12345abc"
		Location of qr code for step 2 ="Faculty of arts and sciences"     Password of step 2 = "ad332bcd"
		Location of qr code for step 3 ="Entrance of orta kantin"          Password of step 3 = "gfs33abc"
		Location of qr code for step 4 ="Entrance of swimming pool"        Password of step 4 = "mist5abc"
	* After user enters all the password and location fields he cliks on "finis creating the game" and the game is created in main web 

page.
	* Then he prepares and sticks the suitable qr codes in locations he mentioned for each step of the game.For example he writes the 

following texts inside qr codes of this game:
	
		Qr code of step1 ="You are now in front of engineering faculty building.The next step to find is Faculty of arts and 

sciences.Password for current step :"1234abc"
		Qr code of step2 ="You are now in front of arts and sciences faculty.The next step to find is Orta kantin's entrance.Password 

for current step :"ad332bcd"
		Qr code of step3 ="You are now in front of Orta kantin.The next step to find is swimming pool.Password for this step 

:"gfs33abc"
		Qr code of step4 ="You are now at the entrance of south campus swimming pool.The game is finished here.Congratulations.Password 

for current step :"mist5abc"


= A scenario for game playing(playing the "conquer the south campus" game): =
	In this scenario a user plays the game "conquer the south campus".
	* First the user opens the website and signs in with his username and password.
	* Then he clicks on the link "Available games to play" and then the link "Conquer the south campus"
	* User reads the description,borders and starting point of this game.
	* Then he clicks on "Play this game" button.From this time on he can make comments under this game's page.
	* User goes to engineering faculty building in south campus and finds the place of first qr code.He reads it and uploads the password 

of the first step(i.e."1234abc") via a textbox from the "finish step 1" link on game's page.
	* Then in the page of the game it is published that the user has finished first step.
	* User goes to faculty of arts and sciences and uploads the password of the second step in the same way.Then it is published that he 

finished second step
	* User finishes all of the rest of the steps with same system and finally on the page of the game it is published that he finished the 

game.
	*After the game is finished first time by any user,under the page of the game all the passwords and all the locations of the qr codes 

are published.