= System Requirements Specification =

==Preface==

==Introduction==
==Glossary==




== User Requirements ==
 1 Various mobile mass-participant games must be devised by general users.
 # A website which enables creation of instances of the games by the users should be implemented. 
   * Thorough that website users shall be able to communicate. 
   * Users can upload puzzles, maps etc. to enhance game-play experience.
 # Familiar assets like Facebook, Google Maps should be integrated to the games
 # GPS or mobile data traffic should not be a necessity to participate in the games.
 # There will be two types of customers. Standard and commercial.(cagdas)
 # Commercial customers may offer commercial games which awards discounts etc(cagdas)
 # Users must have a device which can read QR barcodes in the game place.(aziz)
 # Users can have account in the game site to create a game or join to a game.(aziz)
 

== System Requirements ==

=== Functional Requirements ===
 1-Users can manage scenarios for the games
  *Creating a new game
  *Monitoring existing games
  *Sharing information about the game's state through other players(alikerim)
 # Users(both members and non-merbers of a specific game) can exchange ideas or create new game scenarios all together.(alikerim)
 # The places of the root QR barcodes can be shown on Google maps.(alikerim)
 # There will be a best players of the week/month page and this rankings will be voted by other players.(alikerim)
 # There will be a page for finished games explaining them with summaries and pictures for the purpose of new players as tutorials.(alikerim)
 # System need an authentication module.(cagdas)
 # There should be a game creation wizard which helps new users(cagdas)
 # System should have synchronous and asynchronous messaging modules(cagdas) 
 # System should have a module which creates QR Codes with desired data(cagdas)
 # System should also support creation and deletion of teams.(cem)
 # It should be possible to create and participate in the games as groups(cem)
 # In commercial games the awards for the groups should be greater, and should be regulated accordingly by the game creator. (cem)
 # Game site may have database to keep uploaded photos.2 A user can add his/her friends to his/her profile in the game site.(aziz)

=== Non-Functional Requirements ===

 1 Users may use their Facebook or OpenID accounts. System shouldn't force them to sign-in(cagdas)
2 Game site may have integrated Google maps application to make users find places which QR barcodes placed.(aziz)

== System Architecture ==

== System Models ==

== System Evolution ==

== Appendices ==