==Functional Requirements==
 * 1 Account Management:
  * 1.1 System shall provide a "Registration Module" 
   * 1.1.1  In order to register , users have to provide their names, emails and date of birth
   * 1.1.2 System shall provide password remainder . If a user forget his password he should enter his email address a new created password should be sent to user

 * 2 Profile Management:
  * 2.1 System shall provide  Profile Management .
  * 2.1.1 Users should be able to update their Picture, location, website and email addresses

 * 3 Game Creation Process
  * 3.1 System shall provide a game type creation module for Game Creators.
   * 3.1.1 Game Creators are assigned by System administrator.
   * 3.1.2 Game Creators shall not use system without training for a specific amount of time. (How a new game type created etc)

 * 4 Game Creation Module
  * 4.1 System shall provide a game Creation Module
  * 4.1.1 Game Creator shall design each step of a game type
  * 4.1.1.1 A game consists of several steps which designed by game creator 
  * 4.1.2 Each step consist of an input output and next step
  * 4.1.3 Game designer specify each steps input output and which is next step after completion of current step
 * 5 QR Code Generation Module
  * 5.1 System shall provide a wizard which creates QR Code with desired data and in desired sizes.

 * 6 Training module
  * 6.1 System shall provide a training module
  * 6.2 Game creator shall be trained by a system-supported video or photos.
  * 6.3 Game Creator shall prepare "presentations" in order to show how they game types are played.

 * 7 Information sharing
  * 7.1 Users shall be able to share their memories or interesting notes through photos or comments. 
   * 7.1.1 For this purpose, sub forum pages shall be integrated to the website.
  * 7.2 Users shall be able to track currently played games and to view the notes about the past game experiences.
   * 7.2.1 The steps that the other playing users are currently at shall be updated to the website for everyone to get this information.
  * 7.3 Game Search module shall be deployed into the website with the name of "Game Calendar".
   * 7.3.1 Through Game Search Module, users shall be able to find the game they wanted it to be shown.
   * 7.3.2 In Game Search Module, the criteria for the games can be any specification realted to the game, such as, total step number, step locations and name of the game.

 * 8 Ranking System
  * 8.1 Ranking system is such a system that user playing or creating games more than the others, will have a greater experience point, therefore rank in the website than the others.
  * 8.1.1 Admins shall decide experiment point of each game. 
  * 8.1.1.1 If no change is done by admins, For each game, default "experience points" value is determined to be "100 point". 
 * 9 Admins
  * 9.1 Admins shall be able to access every game and make any change related to this game.
  * 9.1.1 Word "admin" is used to describe owners of the website.
 * 10 Abusive conditions
  * 10.1 Any Creator shall not be able to make more than 50 games.
   * 10.1.1 To increase the maximum number of games can be created by any specific user is Admin's to decide according to game experience of such user.
  * 10.2 Every user has a right to inform admins about any kind of abusive conditions.
   * 10.2.1 These abusive conditions can be listed as; creation of uncomplatable game, using debased, humiliating, insulting or discreditable elements in the game, comments or pictures, using more than one account to get into the game etc..
 
==Nonfunctional Requirements==
 * 1. Accessability
  * Every person who has a device that enables him/her to use internet and who has proper user account is available to play and create a game.
  * Proper account is the meaning of the completion of the registration properly.
 * 2. Availability
  * Web design will provide a web service that is accessible through any internet browser.
 * 3. Environmental Protection
  * This project has no harm any human being or other environmental factors.
 * 4. Extensibility
  * In case there is an emergence of a necessity, the project will be upgraded in accordance with the external situations.
  * Necessity means, when the requirements cannot be deployed with the given internal and the external input.
 * 5. Interoperability
  * The subsystems of the design will be able to exchange data without any problem of information failure.
 * 6. Privacy
  * Any kind of special information related to the user of the system will not be shared to any other companies or foundations.